Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
I was hoping to jump
to a smaller charter.
You thinking about
coming back to Charming?
- Yeah.
- That ends on Tig,
brother.
[people screaming]
Bobby: Calaveras are
a Mayan puppet club.
What the hell are they doing?
Proxying a retaliation?
What if the attack
was initiation?
Why are you doing
Mayan bitch work, ese?
I don’t recognize
your bullshit MC.
Salazar and 2CL jumped me
in the Chicken Man’s van,
took my cut.
You tell Clay
my bullshit MC’s got
some reach, huh?
This town needs Charming PD.
Yes, it does.
Could you connect me
to Agent Stahl?
I got a line on a fugitive.
It’s Maureen Ashby.
Cammy Hayes
took your grandson.
- What?
- Abel’s in Belfast.
What the hell
is he doing here?
I’m handling it.
Please go back to bed.
I’ll hand deliver
Jimmy O’Phelan.
What do you want?
My son, my mother,
and my club.
MC’s got
a bail hearing tomorrow.
You need to slow that down.
And I’m supposed
to just trust you, huh?
Hey, my club finds out,
I’m dead.
And what makes you think
that I would actually believe
that the prince
would turn rat?
Luke Moran,
Jimmy’s number two.
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah.
Bobby: The ten grand
we sent Serg’s guy
in Vancouver?
It’s gone.
Guess mercenaries
aren’t real big
on refunds.
And the money we made
on the ’roids
was in the bag
the Mexicans
stole from idiot.
[glass shatters]
Bobby:
We’re tapped.
We have a very expensive
excursion in front of us.
What about
the other drugs?
No street value.
Black market scrips.
We need a way
into the clinics.
When we blow off
that bail hearing
this afternoon,
we’re underground.
It’s gonna be
a little hard to earn.
You think maybe Tara
can help us move those scrips?
That’s not gonna happen.
I don’t see
any other way, Jax.
I said no.
She’s your old lady.
I don’t care!
Hey, where we at
with the Mayans?
Based on that
delivery schedule,
that dope shipment’s
set to leave for
Stockton today at 1:00.
Now, that route
from Lodi to Stockton
is all main roads
and highways.
No place off the grid
to take it down.
Then let’s get creative.
They’re trying to stay
under the radar, right?
Means there won’t be
too many bodies.
Clay:
What time is the meet
set with Alvarez?
3:00.
I left word for him
at his warehouse.
Hopefully he’ll show.
We snatch up his heroin,
he’ll show.
We got a vote to get out.
Kozik:
Hey, what’s up, Chibby?
- Got my transfer letter.
- Oh, good.
All right,
we got the prospects
and Happy inside.
Let’s get it done.
Hey, give me a minute?
Look, man, I know–
I know–
What?
What do you know?
I’m not expecting you
to be okay with this.
Good.
I can be an asset
to the charter, all right?
I’m just asking you
to give me a chance.
You done?
Yeah.
Yea.
Yup.
Bring ’em in.
Come on.
Well, boys...
the easy part is...
over.
- I get it, man.
- Shut up!
You don’t say anything
unless a member tells you to.
Prospect period ends
minimum one year today.
Dues are 75 bucks a month,
due on the first.
Welcome.
Don’t get yourself killed.
And get the hell
out of here.
All: Shut the door!
I got two requests
for transfer,
one from Tacoma,
one from the nomads.
Kozik and Happy both want
to be a part of SAMCRO.
Just want to say, for me,
both these guys would
make welcome additions.
And to be honest,
we need you.
So...
let’s vote it.
Happy?
- Yea.
Aye.
Yea.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah!
[gavel bangs]
Kozik, yea.
Nay.
Jesus Christ.
Really?
I don’t trust him, man.
Yeah! Yeah!
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
Hey!
Look what I got.
[babbling]
Welcome, brother.
Welcome.
Sorry, man. I thought
he was on board.
Whatever.
You stick around,
you understand?
Yeah. Tig just wants you
to know how big his dick is.
We’ll vote again
in a couple weeks.
You’ll be SAMCRO.
Yeah?
I’m gonna start
the healing.
Jax: Oh!
You son of a bitch.
No fun getting
sucker punched, is it?
No, it’s not!
[shouting]
Should we do anything?
Yeah.
Get some brooms.
There’ll be a lot
of shit to clean up.
Bobby: Boys!
Don’t dance, hit him!
[men shouting]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Bail hearing’s at 5:00.
Where do you drop out?
Not sure.
I’m hoping Unser can help.
Just need a few days.
Figure out a way to Belfast.
Can you go commercial?
Fake passports?
No. We’ll be fugitives
with photos on file.
[urinating]
I’m gonna reach out
to Oswald.
[toilet flushes]
[door opens]
Good morning.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
I get lonely.
They doing this
interview now?
Soon.
I spent all night
wrestling with
the U.S.
Attorney’s office.
They’ve agreed to take
the death penalty
off the table
if you plead guilty
to the two murders.
Visitation?
One thing at a time.
Jesus.
Okay.
I just talked to Lowen.
She said our bail hearing’s
still on the Sanwa docket.
My super was
impressed with Luke.
Put me back on the Irish.
Limited basis.
You’re welcome.
I’ve convinced him
that I need SAMCRO
out of jail right now,
but getting through
to county is going to
involve a lot of favors.
Not my problem.
No. But this is.
It’s Gemma’s statement
about what happened
with Polly and Edmond
at the safehouse.
Wait a minute.
This...
I don’t get it.
You don’t have to.
Just make sure
that your mother feeds
the details back to us.
If you want her
clear of the homicide,
get her on board.
Okay.
I’ll make sure
that we keep you out of jail
for a couple more weeks.
What did Stahl want?
More demands.
What?
What the hell
is going on with Tara?
I don’t know.
She’s a surgeon, Clay.
She’s in that room
saving lives every day.
And your point?
Well, that’s the opposite
of everything I am.
That’s your guilt talking.
I don’t know.
Maybe–
She’s just a chick.
Don’t complicate it.
You got to make
a decision, son.
She’s either in or out.
I know.
But if she’s out...
you don’t let
that hammer fall
until she moves
those scrips for us.
We don’t get that cash,
we don’t get your son.
What’s going on?
This about Gemma?
No.
I need to ask you
for a favor.
Okay.
The club came into some
prescription drugs.
Mostly HIV stuff.
I was wondering
if you know a clinic
that might need it.
Black market?
I just need a name.
Yeah, you’re gonna need
more than that.
I know where to take it.
You’re not taking it
anywhere.
They’re medical
professionals, Jax.
They’re not gonna buy
drugs from a biker.
I know the money
is to get you guys
to Belfast.
Let me help?
[muffled gunshot]
[man speaking Spanish]
[speaking Spanish]
Looks like you fellas
need some help?
Tire blew.
Doing construction
up ahead.
You probably
picked up a bolt.
We’ve been making
runs out here all week.
Looks like you’re
gonna need a new rim.
Piney:
There’s a tire shop
up off of Mills.
I can hook you up
and pull you in.
40 bucks?
No skin off my nose.
Just handle it soon.
The cops’ll tow you
after three.
All right.
[speaking Spanish]
My guy’s gonna ride with you.
- All right, man.
- Yeah.
Back it up.
What the hell is this?
It’s your statement
for the Feds.
Where did you get this?
Who wrote it?
I can’t tell you that.
Not yet.
This is what happened
at the safe house,
point for point.
This is from Stahl,
isn’t it?
What did you do?
I’m protecting my club
and my family.
Do not get in bed
with this bitch.
This is not up
for discussion.
You hear me?
Right now,
you’re not my mother.
You’re just a member’s
old lady.
And I am telling you,
this is what you need to do
to protect SAMCRO.
Jackson, we–
Mom, you need to trust me,
and this has to be
our secret.
Hey, where the hell
are you going?
A shortcut.
Oh, shit!
[shouting]
Bobby:
Get in.
Opie:
Think I found the prize.
Juice, pop the others.
Got it.
Oh, look at that.
That’ll get rid
of some stains.
Good work, boys.
Never got to formally
express my condolences.
Hale was a pain in the ass,
but that’s a bad way to go.
Yeah.
You and me,
we’ve been through
a lot together, Wayne.
We made a deal.
Keep the blood out
of our backyard.
Well...lately, I ain’t
been holding up my end.
Half-Sack getting killed,
drive-by outside
of Dubrowski’s.
I just want to
let you know
that the weight of that
ain’t been lost on me, and...
I ain’t ever gonna
let that happen again.
I wish I could
believe that, Clay.
Truth is, I feel
closer to SAMCRO
than I do most folks
in this house.
Yeah. I know.
We, uh, got a line
on where Abel is.
Belfast.
We’re gonna go get him.
Well, you have a bail
hearing in three hours.
Is that what this is about?
This mea culpa?
Huh? You need a favor?
No.
Yeah.
I need a favor.
But everything
I’ve been saying to you
is the truth.
The compromises I make,
associations I have–
at the end of the day,
the thing that
allows me to sleep
is knowing that
I’m keeping Charming safe.
And I ain’t been sleeping
much lately, Clay.
Me, neither.
I cannot help you go AWOL.
And I wish that didn’t make me
feel as bad as it does.
I spotted Polly
at the grocery store,
followed her to that house.
And why were you
following her, ma’am?
I was raped two months ago.
She was part of it.
I don’t really know
why I followed her.
Instinctual, I guess.
Did you report the assault?
[whispering]
No.
I knew the kind of damage
it would do to my family.
Didn’t want them to know.
Okay.
Continue.
Walked into the house.
I saw Polly in the doorway
of the back room.
She had a gun.
I took mine out.
That’s when I saw
the Irish kid,
laying on the ground.
Dead.
It’s a lie.
Man: This is a deposition,
not an interrogation, Agent.
You’re here as a courtesy.
Polly spotted me
and turned her gun.
I shot first.
Kill or be killed.
Then what?
Then I just sat on the couch.
Kind of in shock, really.
Never killed anybody before.
Then this ATF agent
walked out of the back room.
She’d been hiding there
the whole time.
My guess?
She’s the one
who killed Edmond.
Put the dirty kill on me.
You’re a liar.
We’re not asking you
to make guesses, Gemma.
Can you identify the agent?
Yeah.
She’s in this room.
Agent Stahl?
No.
It was her.
Agent Tyler?
What is this, Clay?
We know you’re patching
over the Calaveras.
Jax:
Cutting and bagging heroin
at the janitorial
supply house,
piping it to Stockton.
If you’re here to declare war,
consider it already on.
We’re tired
of getting bloody.
Your attack at the wake,
our attack at
Zobelle’s getaway–
Why don’t we
just call it even?
Too much history
to be even, Clay.
That’s my point.
We’ve been doing
this too long, Marcus.
Nobody ever wins.
Get to the point, ese.
I think that
you lost something.
You stupid little shit!
[speaking Spanish]
Moving high-risk cargo
is tricky.
Things tend to get
lost in transit.
However, if it comes
across our borders again,
we can guarantee
safe passage to Stockton.
And that’s why you’re patching
over these idiots, right?
So shit like this
don’t happen?
We got a better idea.
Our brothers in Lodi
are more capable,
and with our support,
your new enterprise
is protected.
We’re trying to
make peace here.
And how much is peace
gonna cost me, Clay?
I’ll let the Bastards
negotiate their own fee.
For us, just a toll.
25K a run.
We’ll consider this
the first run.
Last time we made a deal,
I lost my son.
Yeah, and you tried to
assassinate me.
It’s what we do.
It ain’t personal.
It’s just about the cash.
This is the best play
for both of us.
[whispering]
Okay.
Means no Mayan charter in Lodi.
Shit.
None of these bitches
would have made
the cut anyhow.
This is bullshit, Alvarez.
You can’t...
[speaking Spanish]
I need one more thing.
There’s a rat
up at St. Thomas.
Testifies at the end
of the week.
Pozo.
Yeah.
You handle that,
and we’re good.
Handled.
I’m glad we found
your merchandise.
Hey, I think you
lost something, too.
Look at this, huh?
How could you
let those bitches
take your cut, ese?
You’re an embarrassment
to Latinos everywhere.
[laughter]
Just gonna bow to these
assholes, huh?
Hey, hey, hey, you mind?
What’s up, home boy?
You make this right.
Yeah.
What the hell was that?
Why did she finger me?
She couldn’t help herself.
And she’s got too much hate
for the law to make a deal.
She was too afraid
to put the lie on me,
so she saw you standing there,
and she decided to...
Uh, all right, look, okay,
we have proof, all right?
We’ve got fingerprints
on the guns and motive.
It...
Look, all right, this is
all smoke, baby, okay?
I promise.
All right?
Come on.
Okay, baby.
Love you.
[sighs]
You want to explain to me why
you sabotaged your deal?
I had a change of heart.
The U.S. Attorney’s office
is furious.
I don’t know what
to do here, Gemma.
Yeah. Sorry.
I got to get out
of this room for a while.
Could you just ask my
baby-sitter out there
if we can take an
escorted therapy stroll?
Then I’ll fill you in
on what’s going on, I promise.
[sighs]
[groans]
Tara: Why don’t we go out back
so you can see for yourself?
Jax is right down the hall.
[grunts]
- Hey. How you doing?
- This is Dr. Percy.
This is Jax.
[indistinct]
Expiration’s good.
These are all
Alcott Labs, Jerry.
Nothing’s generic.
These are great.
We’ll need the money
by the end of the day.
I’m not sure if
I can get it all.
Still county money.
Lot of red tape.
Take it.
Get us what you can.
Thank you.
Son of a bitch.
SAMCRO’s in
the drug business.
Woman:
Warm that up for you?
There you go.
Man: All right.
[sighs]
How’s that pie?
Fresh.
What do you want, Darby?
I think you might
be interested in
what I have to say.
Oh, I can’t wait.
Saw Jax Teller and
his doctor girlfriend at
the Kettleman Clinic.
They were moving
illegal scrips.
And how do you know
they were illegal?
I know an illegal drug buy
when I see one.
The Sons are in
the dope business?
It would appear that way.
They probably got
a garage full of oxy.
And why are you sharing
this with me and my pie?
’Cause I want these
assholes to suffer.
The cops in this town
are in Clay’s pocket,
and after what happened
to your little brother,
I’d think that you’d
have an ax to grind
with the Sons, too.
You want me to get rid
of your competition.
Nah, I ain’t in
the game anymore.
Nords are done, and almost
getting burned to death
tends to make one rethink
one’s priorities.
Revenge isn’t exactly
taking the high road.
Well, just ’cause I ain’t dirty
doesn’t mean that I’m a saint.
You got the information.
You do what you want.
Yeah, I’ll–
Okay, I’ll tell him.
That was Sanwa Sheriffs.
Planning a raid on
the Son’s clubhouse.
Want us to assist.
[elevator bell dings]
Here to see Gemma.
Um, Mrs. Morrow’s
not in her room.
Mind if I wait?
Sure.
[alarm ringing]
[indistinct PA announcement]
[Chucky whooping]
- Is this real?
- I don’t know.
[whooping]
Hey, I know that
son of a bitch.
[Chucky laughing]
[rhythmic beeping]
[grunts]
Come on, come on,
get the cyanide.
- I can’t find it.
- Are you kidding me?
Shit!
- Ow!
- [grunting]
Jesus Christ.
What the hell are
you doing, man?
We can’t hurt this guy.
Just do it.
[rhythmic beeping]
Hey, uh, what did he do?
You know this guy?
Yeah, sort of.
Well, he’s sort of
under arrest
for reckless endangerment
and making a false report.
Idiot.
Brains before
bullets, asshole!
Really?
You slammed the side
of his head.
Wham!
Okay, now if they see that,
that’s going to
point to homicide.
And cyanide won’t?
His heart stopped!
Could be for
a hundred reasons.
I mean, even if they do
an autopsy, it’ll take days.
We’ll be long gone.
Well, if you didn’t let
the little bitch clock you,
this never would have
happened, right?
- [men shouting]
- Yeah!
Enough.
Enough!
You blocked the only camera.
There’s no witnesses
or prints. We’re all right.
Man: Sanwa County Sheriff!
Everybody get down! Down!
Sheriff’s department!
Get on the ground!
[men shouting]
- Get down.
- Down, down, down!
[shouting continues]
Sorry.
Man:
Check them for weapons.
Clubhouse and garage
are all clean.
No pharmaceuticals.
This ain’t about Pozo.
This is search and seizure.
They’re looking for scrips.
How the hell do they know?
[cell phone rings]
This is bullshit.
[horn honks]
We were face-to-face
a couple hours ago.
You can’t throw me a hint
this shit’s gonna go down?
I didn’t know.
It happened fast.
Yeah.
It sure did.
Cancer boy?
Dead to us.
Clay, Gem just called.
Oswald’s on his way now.
Call our friend.
We got a half an hour
to pull this shit off.
What were all
the cops here for?
Ah, they’re just
rattling our cages.
What’s she doing with you?
Gave her a lift on my way
to pick up the kids.
I need the Caddy.
This is probably a bad time,
but I was hoping to
get that lift home.
You’re right,
it is a bad time.
What’s going on?
A Mexican guy died.
Some kind of seizure.
Huh...
I spoke to the Sanwa D.A.
The bail hearing’s
been pushed ten days.
You’re kidding.
Mm-mmm.
What happened?
Backlog of bad guys, I guess.
See you, then.
Good night, gentlemen.
Good night.
Thank you.
I’ll wait for our friend.
This is about
my grandson, Elliot.
We know where he is.
Belfast.
I thought Jax said
he was in Vancouver.
How do you know
he’s in Ireland?
Club has a charter
in Belfast.
We just need you
to hear us out.
Look, I’m sorry about Abel.
I really am.
But if I got a shot
against Hale,
I can’t be associated
with SAMCRO.
Not gonna be any more
blood in Charming.
Our beef with
the Mexicans? Put away.
Pretty soon people
are going to forget
about the drive-by,
and it’s going to be
business as usual.
Gemma:
We need your help.
Your, uh...
forestry equipment,
how do you get it overseas?
I run cargo jets
out of Stockton.
Why?
Oh.
You want passage
to Belfast.
Just found out
the bail hearing’s
been pushed.
Your bond won’t be at risk.
Gives us a little bit
more than a week
to find our grandson.
Our friend’s here.
Come on.
Elliot Oswald,
Marcus Alvarez–
Founding member,
Mayan Motorcycle Club.
What’s this about?
Proof that
the violence is over.
We’ve come to
an understanding.
Sons and Mayans,
we’re good.
No more bloodshed.
I promise.
Paying the toll.
I hope you find your boy, huh?
I got a cargo heading to
Manchester, U.K. tomorrow.
Taking off out
of Stockton Metro,
6:00 p.m. sharp,
not a minute later.
We can, um...
We’ll work out the details
in the morning.
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
Good luck.
[door opens and closes]
What is it?
Sheriffs raided the clubhouse
looking for illegal scrips.
Oh, my God.
How did they know?
You tell me.
What the hell
does that mean?
You told me we could
trust that doctor.
He wouldn’t say anything.
Well, someone did.
I get caught,
I can do the years.
But you?
Narc raps are real time.
Your medical career
would be over.
Do you get that?
You asked me for help.
This isn’t my fault.
I know.
It’s mine.
I’m done.
♪ Between the church
and the river ♪
♪ My love waits for me ♪
♪ To stand and deliver ♪
♪ Every promise
that I’ve ever made ♪
♪ I want to keep them now ♪
♪ And I am not afraid ♪
♪ And I won’t let you go ♪
♪ I won’t let you go ♪
♪ Oh, no ♪
♪ Oh, baby, no ♪
♪ Baby, no ♪
♪ Oh, no ♪